packages/react-router-dom/docs/api/Link.md, before:

# &lt;Link>

Provides declarative, accessible navigation around your application.

```jsx
import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'

<Link to="/about">About</Link>
```

## to: string

A string representation of the location to link to, created by concatenating the location's pathname, search, and hash properties.

```jsx
<Link to="/courses?sort=name" />
```

## to: object

An object that can have any of the following properties:

- `pathname`: A string representing the path to link to.
- `search`: A string representation of query parameters.
- `hash`: A hash to put in the URL, e.g. `#a-hash`.
- `state`: State to persist to the `location`.

```jsx
<Link
  to={{
    pathname: "/courses",
    search: "?sort=name",
    hash: "#the-hash",
    state: { fromDashboard: true }
  }}
/>
```

## replace: bool

When `true`, clicking the link will replace the current entry in the history stack instead of adding a new one.

```jsx
<Link to="/courses" replace />
```

## innerRef: function

Allows access to the underlying `ref` of the component

```jsx
const refCallback = node => {
  // `node` refers to the mounted DOM element or null when unmounted
}

<Link to="/" innerRef={refCallback} />
```

## innerRef: RefObject

Get the underlying `ref` of the component with `React.createRef()`

```jsx
const anchorRef = React.createRef()

<Link to="/" innerRef={anchorRef} />
```

## others

You can also pass props you'd like to be on the `<a>` such as a `title`, `id`, `className`, etc.

Commit message:

Make Link and NavLink components accept "to" property as a function (#5368)

packages/react-router-dom/docs/api/Link.md, after:

# &lt;Link>

Provides declarative, accessible navigation around your application.

```jsx
import { Link } from 'react-router-dom'

<Link to="/about">About</Link>
```

## to: string

A string representation of the location to link to, created by concatenating the location's pathname, search, and hash properties.

```jsx
<Link to="/courses?sort=name" />
```

## to: object

An object that can have any of the following properties:

- `pathname`: A string representing the path to link to.
- `search`: A string representation of query parameters.
- `hash`: A hash to put in the URL, e.g. `#a-hash`.
- `state`: State to persist to the `location`.

```jsx
<Link
  to={{
    pathname: "/courses",
    search: "?sort=name",
    hash: "#the-hash",
    state: { fromDashboard: true }
  }}
/>
```

## to: function

A function to which current location is passed as an argument and which should return location representation as a string or as an object

```jsx
<Link to={location => ({ ...location, pathname: "/courses" })} />
```

```jsx
<Link to={location => `${location.pathname}?sort=name`} />
```

## replace: bool

When `true`, clicking the link will replace the current entry in the history stack instead of adding a new one.

```jsx
<Link to="/courses" replace />
```

## innerRef: function

Allows access to the underlying `ref` of the component

```jsx
const refCallback = node => {
  // `node` refers to the mounted DOM element or null when unmounted
}

<Link to="/" innerRef={refCallback} />
```

## innerRef: RefObject

Get the underlying `ref` of the component with `React.createRef()`

```jsx
const anchorRef = React.createRef()

<Link to="/" innerRef={anchorRef} />
```

## others

You can also pass props you'd like to be on the `<a>` such as a `title`, `id`, `className`, etc.
